---
layout: page 
title: Resources
---

So you've just joined the lab? Here is some helpful info!

## Lab things

You should add yourself to the [lab members
page](https://github.com/dib-lab/dib-lab/blob/master/members.rst) with a
pull request! Make sure to ask CTB to update the web site.

## Employment advice

Make sure you sign up for UC Davis health care before the deadline.

## On-campus resources

If you run into any personal or professional issues, please see:

"[The Academic and Staff Assistance Program
program](http://www.hr.ucdavis.edu/asap/) offers confidential, cost free
assessment, intervention, consultation and referral services to all UC
Davis faculty, staff and their immediate families. Whether the problem
is work- related or personal, administrative or individual, career or
relationship focused, our experienced staff can assist you in
recognizing and resolving the problem. Paid release time is appropriate
for appointments at ASAP."

## Davis-local resources

All things Davis - the [Davis Wiki](http://daviswiki.org) is a
tremendous source of advice for the local area.

### Buying a bike

You'll probably want a bike to get around Davis.

Ken's Bike & Ski has decent rentals and a good maintenance department -
650 G St.

B&L Bike Shop has great customer service - 610 3rd St.

[Green Bicycle Depot](https://localwiki.org/davis/Green_Bicycle_Depot)
seems to be cheaper and has pretty good customer service too.

Craigslist, Sacramento with keyword 'Davis'
<https://sacramento.craigslist.org/search/bik?query=davis>

Once you have a bike, you might be interested in looking at the [goBike
program](http://goclub.ucdavis.edu/bike/).

### Furniture

L street furniture has a large warehouse of decent used and reasonably
priced pieces e.g. bookshelves for \$20, desk for \$30, chairs for \$20.
At `421 L St, Davis, CA 95616`.

Ikea: `700 Ikea Ct, West Sacramento, CA 95605`

Craigslist, Sacramento with keyword 'Davis' -
<https://sacramento.craigslist.org/search/fuo?query=davis>

## Semi-official lab spots

The Beer Shoppe (G St) is recommended for beer aficionados, and Mishka's
has excellent coffee. Delta of Venus has a killer brunch menu. Incidentally,
you'll likely run into Camille at any or all of these places.

## California and surrounding environs

There's tons of stuff to do locally. A small sampling, below.

### Super local

[Davis bike loop](https://localwiki.org/davis/Davis_Bike_Loop)

[Plainfield Station](https://localwiki.org/davis/Plainfield_Station)

[Putah Creek](https://localwiki.org/davis/Putah_Creek) (hiking area west
of 113, note)

### Day trips

Muir Beach and Stinson Beach are a bit north of San Francisco. Point
Reyes and Bodega Bay are further up. All are lovely, with lots of day
hikes and beaches and views and ...

[The Railroad Museum](http://web.csrmf.org/) in Sacramento.

Monterey Bay Aquarium, Carmel, and Point Lobos are long day trips away,
but wonderful.

Charles Schulz Museum in Santa Rosa.

Crocker Art Museum in Sacramento.

[Gold Rush museums](http://www.parks.ca.gov/?page_id=1081)

[Cal Academy of Sciences](http://www.calacademy.org/) is great for kids
and adults both.

[Children's Discovery Museum of San Jose](https://www.cdm.org/)

### Longer trips

The whole California coast is amazing - it's a nice full-day drive down
the 101 and 1 to Los Angeles, through Big Sur.

Yosemite National Park is quite close, but you should at least do an
overnight.

[Lassen Volcanic National Park](http://www.nps.gov/lavo/index.htm)

Pinnacles National Park comes highly recommended.

The Redwoods! Go see the Redwoods! Redwood National Park, etc.
